Yes, it's true, it's true.
I didn't lie to you.
I have a jade pendant from Dragon City in my hand.
If you don't believe me
You can ask Xing Tianbao.
This time I'll save you a dog's life
Next time I catch you doing something bad, try it.
Hey you you go away hey thank you on the way hey thank you on the way
Hey, you're awake
Well, this is a hospital.
Hey, be careful
Don't hurt the baby in your belly, lie down
You also know that I am pregnant with your child
Of course I said I would be responsible
Then you're still so close to other women?
Mr. Lu Xiao, come here
Stinky appearance is just right for women
Miss Gao is fine now
Can be discharged at any time
And this is the link receiver you want.
The nurse is so beautiful
I thought you weren't coming back.
It's pretty.
It's not as beautiful as a wife
He said he can leave the hospital.
I carry you, you don't have to walk by yourself, no, oops, no.